Changelog entries for 0.1.0 (#37)
fatiando/rockhound: doc/changes.rst

.. _changes:

Changelog
=========

Version 0.1.0
-------------

*Released on: 2019/05/21*

Fist release of Rockhound. Easily download geophysical models and datasets (PREM,
CRUST1.0, ETOPO1 and more) and load them into Python data structures (pandas, numpy,
xarray).

Available models and datasets:

- ETOPO1
- PREM
- Bedmap2

> - Age of the oceanic lithosphere grids from NOAA NCEI website

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Age of the oceanic lithosphere
```

Features:

> - Use Pooch to download remote files, check if they are not corrupted and uncompress

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `Pooch <https://www.fatiando.org/pooch>`__ to download remote files, check if they are not corrupted and decompress
```
